It's finally starting to look
like a real human dwelling.
Now, then...
I don't think I can keep hitting the
ignore button on my exhaustion anymore.
Damn it! A human being on his own
can barely make it through the day.
Never mind science and progress.
If only I had one more person
with a lot of strength...
I've already had my eye on this one.
Right by where I was revived,
I'd seen the uncannily masculine hand
of a guy who'd been swept here
from the same direction as me.
Although I've already seen more of
this face than I ever wanted to...
It's been 3,700 years, huh?
Hey, big oaf.
Now, then...
Time to get started on the Senku Laboratory.
Yo, big oaf.
What will it take for you
to wake up like I did?
What exactly was it that petrified
all of humanity 3,700 years ago?
Alien Technological Attack Hypothesis
Number one...
Dude, earthlings are so lame.
Let's turn them all into stone.
It did work on the swallows.
Petrification Beam!
Lawl, this is exhilarating!
Some Nation's Military Weapon Hypothesis
Number two...
The petrification device
is finally complete!
Oh, crap! It backfired!
New
Virus
Strain
Hypothesis
Number three...
We're petrification viruses!
We infect only humans and swallows!
Rofl, this is exhilarating!
The only thing that's certain
is that it targeted humans
and swallows specifically.
It seems like some kind of insane fantasy,
but there must be some underlying rule.
Which means I can fight it.
Figuring out the rules
is the basis of science.
I'm standing in the face of an
uncharted branch of science.
This is exhilarating.
Now, think.
How did I get out of my petrification?
Was it just simple deterioration?
If it was deterioration, wouldn't the
exposed surface have broken down first?
But the stone statues are
stone all the way through.
For me,
the surface stayed stone while the rest
of me changed back into living cells.
It's the other way around!
The surface was too deteriorated
to revert to living cells.
That's why it turned into a stone husk.
The parts of the surface that happened
to be less petrified reverted to cells.
That must be why there are
pieces missing from the shell.
So I wasn't revived
because of deterioration.
There's some special, outside factor.
The fragments closest to my head
were on the ground in a pile.
Which means the revival
started from my head.
There's something in there.
This smell...
Nitric acid!
The hair on the back of my
neck is still petrified.
Let's try it on this stone hair.
Why did only I need nitric acid?
It's not working one millimeter
on Taiju or the others.
Why?
What's the difference between
me and the rest of them?
Think...
I just need a hypothesis.
Think.
Think...
That's it! I was thinking!
I stayed conscious for all 3,700 years.
The brain burns through
400 calories in a day.
Over 3,700 years,
that works out to 2 terajoules.
Where did all that energy come from?
E=mc².
Energy and mass have
equivalent exchange.
It's the foundation of science
that Old Man Einstein derived.
There's simply no way to
make energy from nothing.
There's something in the stone that I was
consuming in order to use my brain.
Which means if I can figure out what
that was, I can undo the petrification.
Try everything.
Just try it.
I really want to try nital,
the industrial etching solution.
Damn it.
Too bad I don't have alcohol.
Laboratory
Believe.
Try, try, try, try, try, try...
And try some more.
Never forget.
Petrification may be a fantasy,
but the foundations of science are absolute.
I need more manpower.
Take the nitric acid and wake
up already, you blockhead!
You're awake, aren't you?
You've been awake for
the past 3,700 years!
You're no different from me.
You don't know when to give up!
Senku! I...
Taiju...
I'll believe in you and wait
for as long as it takes.
I'm hopeless without you!
Come back, Taiju!
Come back, Senku!
It stopped raining.
The thunderstorm that was
keeping us camouflaged is gone.
Don't raise your voices.
If Tsukasa hears us,
we'll be instantly screwed.
You're right!
He's not coming, is he?
I'm impressed you noticed my neck.
I hardly gave you a speck of a hint.
Taiju, Yuzuriha, you both
get ten billion points.
Good morning, world
Good Morning World!
How far have I walked?
Only the pain in my feet
Gives me a sense of the distance
The hope for a beautiful view
at the end of a long night
Is what keeps me going today
The mountains of the gods,
the palaces of green
The depths of the caves,
the ends of the deep blue sky
I'll go the full distance,
there are no limits
To the ends of the world
Good morning, world
Good Morning World!
Rid away the impossibility of the dark
An odyssey turning mythology
into the everyday
In this painstaking journey,
turning over every stone
We'll expand our world
Two Nations of the Stone World
Sen...
...ku...
Never mind my cervical nerve,
you just crushed my entire body!
I'll kill you!
I'm sure you know not to, but don't
go thanking me for every little thing.
I won't thank you, either.
Welcome back, Senku-kun.
Don't you think the shape on this
hide kind of looks like a rocket?
There are star-looking things, too!
They don't look anything like it.
It looks like a science flag.
I bet it'll look good on Senku-kun.
Let's put it on his neck, just in case.
Oh, yeah!
It'll be even better with a splint. See?
Uh, I really don't need this.
I'm all better now.
Professor Senku's self-sacrificing
human experiment was a success.
The restorative effects of undoing
petrification are too damn high.
The petrification that's given us so
much grief is what cured you, too, huh?
You said it when we made soap, too...
But maybe this petrification is the
stone of life that replaces doctors for us.
It's Doctor Stone!
Come to think of it, it's weird.
When the petrification is undone,
it repairs everything around it, too.
What a considerate
scientific phenomenon.
I've been thinking this whole time...
Who petrified humanity?
Who attacked us?
No...
Was it really even an attack?
If it can fix Senku-kun's neck,
maybe if we piece together
the shattered statues and pour revival fluid
on them, it'll put people back together.
I tried that right at the beginning.
They just went back to
being a shattered corpse.
Why wouldn't it work if
it's so regenerative?
Yuzuriha...
Taiju's ten billion percent
too crude for this.
You're our ultra-skillful
crafts club member.
It'll be a grueling mission.
Can you do it?
That really is really grueling.
But I'll do it!
That was quick.
Craft is all about perseverance!
Are you sharing secrets?
No fair! Let me in on it!
I, um... was saying maybe we
should go see Tsukasa-kun.
Oh, yeah?
Tsukasa's place, huh?
What?!
Why?!
He's the dangerous man
that killed Senku!
I mean, he's not dead,
and he was a good guy, but...
At the very least,
he thought he'd killed Senku!
That's exactly what we
accomplished in that fight.
Tsukasa thinks I'm in the afterlife now.
Meanwhile, I can always
know where Tsukasa is.
We'll have a giant advantage in this battle,
if you two can infiltrate the
Tsukasa Empire as spies.
I gave Yuzuriha the details
about the mission.
Taiju, you protect Yuzuriha.
Blockheads like you are better
off not knowing everything.
All right, I got it.
I'll do it.
Tsukasa intends to use the miracle water,
revival fluid, to amass an army of young people
to make a new world ruled by military might.
In order to defeat the Tsukasa Empire
and stop the mass destruction that
is the purification of humanity...
We'll have to make a revolutionary army
that can combat them using science.
But how are you going to do that on your own?
Yeah.
If Tsukasa has the miracle water,
the nitric acid, you can't make gunpowder,
and you can't grow your manpower.
The answer is obvious.
I'm going to find the mystery people
who fired the smoke signals
and get them on my side.
The problem is that they might
encounter Tsukasa first.
I'll just have to bet on the
chance that they haven't.
So, going forward, the two of us
will be spies in the Tsukasa Empire.
You'll be finding allies for a
scientific revolutionary army.
And we'll each be fighting our own battles.
That's the idea.
I'm getting all teary-eyed
thinking about our sad goodbye.
You're both so casual about this.
Guys really are stoic with each other, huh?
Yeah.
Senku is always logical.
We won't be seeing each
other for a while.
Not for weeks, months, maybe even...
Senku!
I promise—
Wait, I can't raise my voice.
Hang in there for the
short while that I'm gone.
Hey, you've been waiting 3,700 years.
A few more months or years is no big deal.
We're going to build our kingdom of science.
Rear right, 57 meters.
Yes, you, the one who's been following
me quietly for the past two minutes.
Who are you?
Blue eyes.
She's young.
Did Taiju and the others just revive her?
Or are there other ways
for people to be revived?
Now, that's not nice.
Shouldn't you say "Nice to meet you" first?
Shut your mouth!
Save your introductions for Hell.
Impossible.
She's too young to have such skill.
There's no way the martial arts
community wouldn't have heard of her.
Who is she?
I saw everything!
You took a woman hostage,
and then you ruthlessly killed the
gentleman who took the hit for her.
I couldn't hear what
you were talking about,
but I have no interest
in your background.
Repent to the sorcerer gentleman
until your soul rots away!
Sorcerer?
You were just bathed in it moments
ago, and you've forgotten already?
You were summoning the mountain's wrath
with your suspicious black powder!
The mountain's wrath?
A volcanic eruption?
So you may not be one of the revived,
but rather, one of their children.
Or...
What generation are you?
She's of a pure, primitive
people with no science.
I could rule over them easily.
I could kill them easily.
There's no reason to attack them.
Thus my immediate goal
is to return to the cave.
Taiju and Yuzuriha have
seen how to make gunpowder.
I need to claim the miracle
water before they do.
This is goodbye.
You're... the sorcerer gentleman
who protected that woman.
You're alive!
Stop talking.
You can introduce yourself
all you want later.
Don't waste your energy.
Can you hold out until evening?
If you're at your limit,
I'll take a gamble and blow it up with
the little gunpowder I have left.
But if you can hold on,
it'll take forever, but I'll
save you, ten billion percent.
You're the only one who
can make the decision!
Decide right now!
Which is it?
Yeah, my organs and bones are all fine.
I can hold on.
I'd say the fallen tree
weighs roughly one ton.
To get it to one side would take
half of that, 500 kilograms.
Assuming my own weight is
just over 60 kilograms,
multiplied by 2 to the 3rd power
to get to 500 kilograms...
I can just barely make it with three.
Maybe I don't know what to do
Hurry up, my mind is on the moon
The bamboo's barely strong enough.
Flying up to where the wind blew
I'll just have to pack them with dirt.
In my hands awakens
The passion overflowing
Just wandering through this world
Who would have thought that
soap would be so useful now?
Your one shining pure
Could never be pierced
with a rusty knife
It's an all-star team of
Great Professor Senku's inventions.
I'm burning like a fire gone wild
The moment an arrow
shot through my heart
The noise plaguing me was released
What is this?
Everything was different
from that moment on
This is science.
If I don't try, I'll never know
It was invented by Old Man
Archimedes a few hundred years BC.
Why do flowers bloom?
It converts the measly strength of a
high school kid into Herculean might.
Your voice echoes
It's called a pulley!
Tell me why?
I just shouted to the sky
But you are no no no longer here,
that's right?
The life we confirmed that day
You can call it a fleeting
dream if you want
But I'll save you from a wounded today
Amazing.
No, I'm not talking about
that Archi-whoever's wisdom.
I'm talking about your unwavering diligence
in forcing yourself through every step
until you solve a problem.
My name is Kohaku.
It seems I've taken quite a liking to you.
Two Nations of the Stone World
Next Episode
Where Two Million Years Have Gone
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.